Reorganize setup instructions (#24)
dream-aim-deliver/mpi-sda-telegram-scraper: README.md

pip install -r requirements.txt
```

2. You will need a phone number and a Telegram account. Obtain the following credentials linked to your account, from [Telegram](https://core.telegram.org/api/obtaining_api_id): API ID, and API hash.

>     i. **Note 1**: You will need access to the phone linked to the telegram account to which the API ID and hash belong, as Telegram will send a verification code to it the first time you run the scraper. The phone number must be in international format (e.g., +391234567890 for an Italian number).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    i. **Note 1**: You will need access to the phone linked to the Telegram account to which the API ID and hash belong, as Telegram will send a verification code to it the first time you run the scraper. The phone number must be in international format (e.g. +391234567890 for an Italian number).
```

    ii. **Note 2**: If your Telegram account is password protected, you will need to provide the password the first time you run the scraper.

3. Obtain an OpenAI API key from the [OpenAI website](https://openai.com/api/) and take note of it

4. Setup kernel-planckster locally:

>     1. Clone the [kernel-planckster](https://github.com/dream-aim-deliver/kernel-planckster) repo elsewhere

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Clone the [kernel-planckster](https://github.com/dream-aim-deliver/kernel-planckster) repo
```

>     2. Install the required packages, preferable in its own virtual environment, following the instructions in the README

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Install the required packages, preferably in a virtual environment, following the instructions in the kernel-planckster README
```

>     3. Run it in dev mode with a object store following the README (e.g., `poetry run dev:storage`), where you'll find the host, port, auth key and schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Run Kernel Planckster in dev mode with a object store following the README (e.g., `poetry run dev:storage`), where you'll find the host, port, auth key and schema
```

    --channel-name="GCC_report" \
    --telegram-api-id="your_telegram_api_id" \
    --telegram-api-hash="your-telegram-api-hash" \
    --openai-api-key="your-openai-api-key" \
    --kp-host="localhost" --kp-port=8000 --kp-scheme="http" \
    --kp-auth-token="test123"
```

The first time you run this, if everything is set up correctly, the Telegram client will prompt you for a phone number.
Then, Telegram will send a verification code to the phone number provided, and will prompt you for it.
Additionally, if your Telegram account is password protected, you will also need to provide the password.

Afterwards, a file called `sda-telegram-scraper.session` will be created in the root of the project, which will be used to authenticate the Telegram client in future runs without needing to re-enter the verification code.
This .session file can be shared with other team members to avoid having to re-enter the verification code on their machines.

#### Minimizing Prompting with Optional Command line arguments

The following optional command line arguments can be passed to the main scraper script to minimize the need for manual intervention the first time the scraper is run:

> - `--telegram-phone-number`: The phone number linked to the telegram account. Must be in international format (e.g., +391234567890 for an Italian number).
> - `--telegram-password`: The password of the telegram account, if it is password protected.
> - `--telegram-bot-token`: The token of the telegram bot that will be used to send messages to the channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--telegram-phone-number`: The phone number linked to the Telegram account. Must be in international format (e.g., +391234567890 for an Italian number).
- `--telegram-password`: The password of the Telegram account, if it is password protected.
- `--telegram-bot-token`: The token of the Telegram bot, if applicable, that will be used to send messages to the channel.
```
